# FAQ

## Why should I register for aiPhilos?

Only registered users have access to the functions and benefits of aiPhilos. All booked services are available as soon as the registration and login are completed successfully.

## How does the registration for aiPhilos work?

The registration is as simple as that: [Click here](https://www.aiphilos.com/registrierung) and fill in the registration form completely.
After your entered Data is checked, you will get a copy of your login details to your inserted e-mail address.

## What can I do if I have problems with the registration?

Please check your entries once again.
Every e-mail address can only be used once.
The username is generated by the system. You will get informed about your username together with your login details per e-mail. Especially the correct spelling of capital and small letters is important. This applies for the username as well as for the password, you registered with. If the registration does still not work, please contact our support at support@aiphilos.com.

## What are the next steps after the registration?

After the registration is completed log in with your username and password in the login section an. The login section is located on the top right corner on our website or on the top right corner in the menu on your smartphone. After this, create an aiPhilos-account with a suitable user at: > Administration > User Management > Add

## How do I log in to aiPhilos?

The login section is located on the top right corner on our website or on the top right corner in the menu on your smartphone. You may also just [click here](https://account.aiphilos.com/login). You need your username and password to log in to the administration area.

## What can I do if I have problems with the login?

Please check your inserts once again.
If the login does not work, you can reset your password or request a new username. If this does not help, please send us an e-mail at support@aiphilos.com.

## What can I do if I forgot my password?

If you forget your password, you can reset it easily by clicking on “Forgot your password?” underneath the login button. Afterwards insert your username. Usually this is the e-mail address you entered when registering or your chosen username. Now click on “send”. We will send you an e-mail with further information about how to reset your password.
If this does not help, please send us an e-mail with your concern at support@aiphilos.com. 
